pm: Put the rpmsg_nrf53_sram partition inside sram_nonsecure (#6958)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

|no_changes_yet_note|

Trusted Firmware-M
==================

> * Fixed a crash during boot when rpmsg was enabled on nRF53.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue that would cause crash during boot when the :kconfig:`CONFIG_RPMSG_SERVICE` Kconfig option was enabled on the nRF5340 DK.
```

> 

Author: @mia-ko : I'm not familiar with the changelog.

Review needed.
